This program is written by Toby Zeng in Department of Chemistry, University of Waterloo. It has only one F77 source code file, symrho.f and you can run make to compile it, generating the asymrho.x executable file. The code involves quad-precision arithmatics. Please export the dynamic library, e.g., libquamath.so.0, before running the executable. 

This code is used to generate a table of PIMC rotational propagator and energy estimator on a grid of relative Euler angles for a rigid symmetric top molecule. The original formulas are Eqs 19 and 23 of J. Chem. Phys. 134, 054117 (2011). The grid has been hard-coded to be degree-wise in phi, theta, and chi and our PIMC program employs linear interpolation to obtain propagator and energy estimators between grid points. The command to run the code is

		# dynamic library path for quad precision
		export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/home/pnroy/Dev/lib64
		#           T    P   kmod ith0 ithend Bz Bxy maxj
		./symrho.x 0.37 128 1 10 10 0.5 0.3 66

Users will need to modify the library path command according to the architectures of their computers. The arguments are simulation temperature in K (0.37), the number of rotational beads in simulation (128), k-selection index (1 here. Only {|jkm>} with k that can be divided by this index are included in the calculation. This is to accout for the coupling between rotational and nuclear spin states), initial and final thetas for the run (10 and 10, integers for theta in degrees), rotational constant of the rotor in CM-1 (0.5 and 0.3, the first one is the unique one and the second is the doubly degenerate one), and the maximum j (66) for the {|jkm>} basis.

You may specify the initial and final theta angles to be 0 and 360 to prepare the tables of propagator and estimator in one thrust, but the looping over theta is usually slow. Toby always submit 361 jobs with only one theta in each of them (identical initial and final theta) to maximize the parallel. For each theta, three output files are generated from the run, rho.denxxx, rho.denxxx_rho and rho.denxxx_eng. "xxx" specified the theta, 000 for theta = 0 Deg and 090 for 90 Deg. The rho.denxxx is for checking and debugging, while the other two have formats adapted for the PIMC run. Given 361 rho.denxxx_rho and 361 rho.denxxx_eng files, you may run the script, compile.x, to generate the files with the whole tables. The resultant files are rho.den_rho and rho.den_eng. They are ready to be read by the PIMC code. Remember not to make any change inside the two files. Also, you will need to change the names of the two files for the PIMC code to open them successfully. For details of nomenclature, please refer to the PIMC manual.

Given any question, please feel free to contact Toby Zeng (tzeng@ualberta.ca).
